welcome to luis garcía introducing you
a new model as the mode of
goals and then this mode does not take part and
textures with body was done very well already
that I'm using a mode
share story for this study
are in this way which is very important
great what happens this module as more
seeing that after this mode is adding you
what goes through six eggs or seven
waters this battery command are 7
eggs and 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 eggs with a
subscriber sent it to me he told me to
I had to see if I liked it and so
Well, I'm here, we're here
I really loved it here as we see and
you will need this mode we will need what
that after blocks of diamond block
the outside of gold fasting blocks
blocks of errors are or blocks of what
that is what you want to do is the
common goal here tells me that he asks me
four blocks of committing reston and
a pumpkin here asks me four blocks
of diamond and a pumpkin here asks me
four sand and one pumpkin
here he asks me 4 and
of gold and a pumpkin and then when I
I'm going to teach him what I need
because I did not go into the materials here
are these are four of these
crystal of those that are in the portal
never
and here is the other one if I'm not mistaken
what is this that is the sneijder is the
of neider well then I'm going to
show at this moment I'm going to put the
200 eggs here and as we see
let's start with the first what
happens is that we are the truth I loved it
because they see that they follow us the goals
continue when you hit automor by
example let's touch to see let's
put him on because I do not want him to
convinces in some way how he attacks him
until I kill him
for all
is that I do not know why it does not kill us
but you have to continue you have to kill me
modes we love I spent a
Subscriber secamic and others attacking us
the monkeys but well, there are some
I think they do not work
Well, one thing that happens is also
that when you kill a golden and with 17
greece and I know why we're going to put the
golden of this and now as you come we are going to
do what they attack themselves
you
see what he does with the gold
because according to gold what it does is that what
it does like in an explosion
if anything where of these remains to second
bang now we go for the deluxe mnr
and diana we do not get to this one
it does not do anything
but I saw that it says nothing
when doing more explosions we are going to
go through the next thing is to
sand which I do not think is not
Nothing I do not think anything but that great
let's spend all together
to a stone house of those of neider
stone color of the crystal
snow rather it leaves you like 15 crystal
It's one thing that I also like because
is what is is they are very complicated
see, see 28 volt, it does not take care
pieces all of which I
loved fernandez I loved to see how
they kill poor chicken chicken good and
when it hits well as it sounds
as they sound they saw how they sound like
it sounds like they want to hit a
monkey existing pieces of the map of the
map and the good thing that pixel tells us
art the pixel art
we see those modes that the phases
what's wrong with them, what do you think?
they have because they leave us we
they want to let us go we go with darts
for her those spots the big ones that
election by fierce or trans
bots
I do not know why but today they appeared here
usually
you just have to stick and leave for
faithful medium or rather if they are not left
see by measuring if we of haring by
the creator and that was because I do not know if the
fierce creator and true the creator puts
the comment that is that is this party
mod what I want to wear it and
pass the channel to see credits in the
description then by people if you
liked let your little hands carry your
Comment and subscribe to the channel if you are
new and then share this video with your
social networks continues on facebook and in
twitter on twitter follows more like
because on twitter I'm just posting
when we favor of hunger and
nothing on facebook so I'll publish
because it does not know when I will
play because um suddenly you have to
to fix you and then not of naica sinaí novelty
and especially on twitter on twitter
hundred appears that there is at the moment
then this would be the mountain of
two goals which all these
I loved it we're good, everyone is
very good sexy and apart
I really loved it without hesitation
He loved it, this, above all, he endorsed them
his good friend luis garcía says goodbye
until the next video
and they all died
of all
is
the
this
and
I want to do the toilet
he called me to action
d
all right